# Introduction

An enterprise-grade Infrastructure is provided as a Service \(IaaS\) solution that can be managed through a browser-based "Data Center Designer" \(DCD\) tool or via an easy to use API.

The API allows you to perform a variety of management tasks such as spinning up additional servers, adding volumes, adjusting networking, and so forth. It is designed to allow users to leverage the same power and flexibility found within the DCD visual tool. Both tools are consistent with their concepts and lend well to making the experience smooth and intuitive.

## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project. By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

* API version: 6.0
* Package version: 6.0.0
* Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```text
npm i --save @ionos-cloud/sdk-nodejs
```

## Usage
Import the SDK using:

```javascript
const sdk = require('@ionos-cloud/sdk-nodejs')
```

Or, if the import is done from an ES module, use:

```javascript
import * as sdk from '@ionos-cloud/sdk-nodejs';
```

Usage example:
```javascript
const config = new sdk.Configuration({username: 'YOUR_USERNAME', password: 'YOUR_PASSWORD'});
const dcApi = new sdk.DataCentersApi(config);

dcApi.datacentersGet().then((response) => console.log(response));
```

Environment variables can also be used; the SDK uses the following variables:

* IONOS\_USERNAME - to specify the username used to login
* IONOS\_PASSWORD - to specify the password
* IONOS\_TOKEN - if an authentication token is being used

**Warning**: Make sure to follow the Information Security Best Practices when using credentials within your code or storing them in a file.

### Depth

Many of the _List_ or _Get_ operations will accept an optional _depth_ argument. Setting this to a value between 0 and 5 affects the amount of data that is returned. The details returned vary depending on the resource being queried, but it generally follows this pattern. By default, the SDK sets the _depth_ argument to the maximum value.

| Depth | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| 0 | Only direct properties are included. Children are not included. |
| 1 | Direct properties and children's references are returned. |
| 2 | Direct properties and children's properties are returned. |
| 3 | Direct properties, children's properties, and descendants' references are returned. |
| 4 | Direct properties, children's properties, and descendants' properties are returned. |
| 5 | Returns all available properties. |

### Pretty

The operations will also accept an optional _pretty_ argument. Setting this to a value of `true` or `false` controls whether the response is pretty-printed \(with indentation and new lines\). By default, the SDK sets the _pretty_ argument to `true`.

## Feature Reference

The IONOS Cloud SDK for NodeJs aims to offer access to all resources in the IONOS Cloud API and also offers some additional features that make the integration easier:

* authentication for API calls
* handling of asynchronous requests 

## FAQ

1. How can I open a bug/feature request? 

Bugs & feature requests can be open on the repository issues: [https://github.com/ionos-cloud/sdk-nodejs/issues/new/choose](https://github.com/ionos-cloud/sdk-nodejs/issues/new/choose)

1. Can I contribute to the NodeJs SDK?

Pure SDKs are automatically generated using OpenAPI Generator and don’t support manual changes. If you need changes please open an issue and we’ll try to take care of it.

